# Robots.txt-Generator
The robots.txt file is a simple text file placed on a website to communicate with web robots (also known as "bots") and tell them which pages or sections of the site they should or should not access. The robots.txt file acts as a set of instructions for these robots, helping to ensure that they don't cause harm to the site or its content.


Meetanshi’s  ***[Robots.txt generator](https://meetanshi.com/robots-txt-generator)*** is a tool that can be used to create a robots.txt file for a website. The generator typically asks a series of questions to determine which sections of the site should be blocked, and then generates the appropriate code for the robots.txt file.

## Here's an example of a basic robots.txt file generated by Meetanshi’s robots.txt generator:

User-agent: *
Disallow: /wp-admin/
Disallow: /wp-includes/

In this example, the "User-agent" line specifies which robots the rules apply to. The asterisk (*) means that the rules apply to all robots. The "Disallow" lines specify the directories on the site that should be blocked. In this case, the wp-admin and wp-includes directories are blocked.

Note that not all robots follow the instructions in a robots.txt file, so it's important to keep in mind that this file is not a guarantee of privacy or protection. However, it is a useful tool for controlling the behavior of most web robots, and is a good first step in protecting a website.

For more information , visit : ***[https://meetanshi.com/robots-txt-generator](https://meetanshi.com/robots-txt-generator)***
